fix(acl): acl chain would be terminated by redis and mongo (#1022)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/advanced/acl-mongodb.md

::: tip
MongoDB ACL rules need to use the above data structures strictly.

> All rules added in MongoDB ACL are **allow** rules. It means a force whitelist.
> The ACL check would be failed when ACL rule list is not empty for specific topic.
> And the ACL chain will be terminated.
> It's recommended to set MongoDB ACL be the last one of ACL chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACL rules from MongoDB are **allow** rules. i.e. a whitelist.

When the rules list of a given topic is empty, EMQ X continues to check the next auth/ACL plugin.
Otherwise the check returns immediately without proceeding to the next auth/ACL plugins.

When more than one auth/ACL plugins are in use, it is recommended to position MongoDB ACL after other auth/ACL plugins in the enabled plugins list.
```
